FileOp
===========

This bundle is built with the aim of abstracting common super file operations to emulate working with files on a simple file system 

The following are the functions that are provided

1. CreateFile(Dataset, FileName) - Writes the dataset to the file that you specify. Errors if the file already exists

2. AppendToFile(Dataset, FileName) - Appends to (or create) the file, the records in the given dataset. 

3. OverwriteFile(Dataset, FileName) - Will overwrite (or create) an existing file with the records in the dataset

4. GetFileFragments(FileName) - Will give you the count of fragments that you have for the file (every append creates a new fragment)

5. DefragmentFile(FileName) - It will compact file, useful when you have reached a fragment count threshold based on your use case. 

6. UndoLast(Filename) - Will undo the last change you did to the file.. Like a rollback. The number of rollbacks allowed are typically equivalent to the number of file fragments you have. 

7. CreateSnapshot(FileName,snapshotName) - Will create a point in time snapshot of the file. Snapshotname is optional. If you don't give one, it is autogenerated. This function returns the snapshot name.

8. DeleteSnapshot(Filename, snapshotname) - Will delete the given snapshot for the file

9. DeleteAllSnapshots(Filename) - Will delete all snapshots for the given file

10. DeleteFile(FileName) - Will delete the file including all snapshots created for the file

11. GetSnapshots(FileName) - Will give the list of snapshots created on the file

*** When a file has a snapshot created, you can still append to the file, but you cannot overwrite or defragment or undo on the file
 
